say """
Pretend not to be evil flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower. 
Cough furball scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs,
hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food. 
Attack the child. 
"""
say "TEst2"

goto label1
say "This is secret dialogue ;)"
label label1

registerSpeaker "Jess" "jess"

say Jess "I don't like this outfit"
say Rache "But you're not the one wearing it, nerd"

say """
All of a "sudden" cat goes crazy dead stare with ears cocked but my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand, chase laser. Terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry love you, then bite you. No, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason sit in box so run off table persian cat jump eat fish make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm. Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish nya nya nyan. Meowing non stop for food. 
Murr i hate humans they are so annoying steal the warm chair right after you get up so cats woo love but if it fits, i sits yet purr when being pet. Fooled again thinking the dog likes me shred all toilet paper and spread around the house. Loves cheeseburgers russian blue, so stares at human while pushing stuff off a table for wack the mini furry mouse for who's the baby throw down all the stuff in the kitchen. I like fish. Pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now scratch me there, elevator butt but leave hair everywhere, yet get video posted to internet for chasing red dot look at dog hiiiiiisssss, for poop on grasses and good now the other hand, too. Meow meow, i tell my human my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too. Dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole i love cuddles, but humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean . 
"""
endscript

# choice "Verbose text":
	# "Thing" "thing is a thing":
		# jump thing